Mr. Xu, we have some problems meeting this month
Okay, you kid won't eat the delicacies from the mountains and seas
You have to eat at the roadside stall, right?
I'll go right over, Mr. Xu, where are you going?
To get justice
Hey Mengqi, I'm going to participate in the investment promotion fair today.
I can't celebrate your birthday
Can't this birthday be celebrated every year?
Isn't it very important?
Okay, I won't tell you, I still have something to do
Don't say it.
How are you, Zhao Zixuan?
You have no money to pay us usury
Come out with money to eat with beautiful women, right?
When did I borrow you loan sharks?
Wrong person
Give it back to me
What's up?
There is a beautiful woman next to me, sorry to say it, right?
Hello, Zhao Zixuan
Loan shark, aren't you a rich second generation?
Isn't there a lot of money to spend?
How dare you !
I won't play with you anymore
Hey, Xiaoli
Listen to me explain to you
Ouch.
It seems that this beautiful woman is not sincere to you
Stop farting
Who sent you here?
Hey.
Big brother, big brother, I really don't know you.
I really don't know where I offended you.
Is it a company person or a casino?
Please don't remember the villain and let me go.
Look at you, Mr. Zhao, you are quite decent
It's a lot of fun. Does your girlfriend know about this?
Tell you that you will give me peace in the future
Be nice to your girlfriend.
Okay, okay, okay, big brother, I'll do it.
Take the knife off first
Here we go.
Did you already know?
Get someone to warn me